{
    "content": {
        "background": "Raised in a war-torn planet, parents were scientists working on a secret project",
        "character": "Deceitful",
        "era": "The future where space travel is common",
        "experience": "Witnessed the death of parents in a laboratory explosion, forced to flee planet and became a smuggler",
        "intelligence": "Highly analytical and strategic",
        "legacy": "I once smuggled a priceless artifact known as the 'Eye of the Cosmic Serpent' from a wealthy collector. However, during the transaction, I was ambushed by a rival smuggler and the artifact was lost in the chaos. I spent years trying to track it down, but it seemed to have vanished into thin air. One day, while searching through the archives of an abandoned space station, I came across an old map that showed the location of a hidden planet. It was said that the planet was home to a powerful entity that guarded a treasure beyond imagination. I set off on a perilous journey to find the planet and discovered that the entity was none other than the Cosmic Serpent itself. After a fierce battle, I emerged victorious and claimed the treasure. But as I was leaving the planet, I realized that the treasure was not the Eye of the Cosmic Serpent, but something far greater. It was a device that could control time itself. With this power, I could go back and prevent the explosion that killed my parents, but at what cost? Would it be worth sacrificing the life I have now? The device sits in my possession, a constant reminder of the choices I have made and the paths I have yet to take.",
        "name": "Zorax",
        "narrative_preference": "Short stories with a twist ending",
        "personality": "Pessimistic",
        "race": "Alien",
        "recent_events": "Lost a valuable item while on a smuggling job",
        "sexual_orientation": "Unisexual",
        "survival_time": "35 years",
        "title": "The Lost Treasure of the Spiral Galaxy"
    },
    "info": {
        "engine": "gpt-3.5-turbo",
        "hash": "a96e638a974029ac2d4682eee6c4da87",
        "tag": "all-possibility-v0.4"
    }
}